[Music]
[Applause]
Amir abdulah welcome to wpcv you are the
deputy foreign minister in charge really
of Arab and African Affairs so let me
ask you how is the problem between Iran
and Saudi Arabia going to be
resolved uh thank you very much uh you
know
uh Saudi Arabia is uh uh important
countries in the
region uh the are uh neighboring in the
uh region we
uh sorry there is no any
problems at the level of bilateral
issues between tan and I believe
personally but we have different idea
about uh situation in the region
especially in Lebanon in Iraq in Syria
and in
Yemen
uh
we said to uh Saudi Arabia sides uh
Islamic Republic of Iran is ready
for uh
cooperation at the level of min
and uh we uh as Islamic Republic of Iran
are ready to find best settlement for H
political solution in the region was the
death of King Abdullah um a complicating
Factor has it changed the Saudi attitude
uh we believes after King Abdullah
became relation between tan and Riyad uh
not
good why because
uh at the beginning of the rule of King
Salman they attacked against Yemen we
had a lot of problems in the region in
Iraq in Lebanon in Syria we don't
understand why they decided military
solution in
Yemen
uh after Saudi Arabia attacked against
Yemen tan Ria's relation became more
about tan Saudi Arabia relation we
optimistic uh we uh received some
positive signal
recently from Saudi
Arabia perhaps in future uh we have uh
some
negotiation about uh
finding best political solution in the
region we are ready and we are
optimistic
thatd thank you very much indeed